# code
Part I  In ocean navigation, locations are measured in degrees and minutes of latitude and longitude. Thus if you’re lying off the mouth of Papeete Harbor in Tahiti, your location is 149 degrees 34.8 minutes west longitude, and 17 degrees 31.5 minutes south latitude. This is written as 149°34.8’ W, 17°31.5’ S. There are 60 minutes in a degree. (An older system also divided a minute into 60 seconds, but the modern approach is to use decimal minutes instead.) Longitude is measured from 0 to 180 degrees, east or west from Greenwich, England, to the international dateline in the Pacific. Latitude is measured from 0 to 90 degrees, north or south from the equator to the poles.   Create a class Angle that includes three member variables: an int for degrees, a float for minutes, and a char for the direction letter (N, S, E, or W). This class can hold either a latitude variable or a longitude variable. Write one member function to obtain an angle value (in degrees and minutes) and a direction from the user, and a second to display the angle value in 179°59.9’ E format. Also, write a three-argument constructor. You can use the hex character constant ‘\xF8’, which usually prints a degree (°) symbol.  Part II  Create a class called Ship that incorporates a ship’s number and location. Use an appropriate technique to number each ship object as it is created. Use two variables of the Angle class to represent the ship’s latitude and longitude. A member function of the ship class should get a position from the user and store it in the object; another should report the serial number and position.   Write a main() program that creates three ships, asks the user to input the position of each, and then displays each ship’s number and position.  Important Use separate header files (.h) and source (.cpp) files for each class, and a separate .cpp file to hold the main function.


 I am giving these codes free
 before going to my code try yourself.
 Zip password-dhanushka
